ruler: implement ruler error Classifier (#13313)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

  * `-common.storage.gcs.max-retries`
  * `-ruler-storage.gcs.max-retries`
* [ENHANCEMENT] Usage-tracker: Improve first snapshot loading & rehash speed. #13284

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Ruler: Implemented `OperatorControllableErrorClassifier` for rule evaluation that will allow the differentiation between reason `operator` and `user` controllable rule evaluation errors. #13313

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Ruler: Implemented `OperatorControllableErrorClassifier` for rule evaluation that allows the differentiation between reason `operator` and `user`-controlable rule evaluation errors. #13313
```
